# Blocipedia #

## Summary    
A production quality SaaS app that allows users to create and collaborate on wikis.
I made Blocipedia with the help of a mentor through the Bloc FullStack Web Development Apprenticeship.  

## Features    
  - Users can  sign up for a Standard (free) account to create, edit, and delete public wikis.    
  - Users can purchase a Premium account that allows them to create private wikis.    
  - When User downgrades from Premium to Standard account, private wikis become public.    
  - Premium Users can add collaborators from a dropdown menu to work on private wikis.    
  - When collaborators are removed they are no longer able to view or work on private wikis.    
  - Users can edit wikis using Markdown syntax.    

## Technologies    
Languages, Libraries, and Frameworks:
          
  - Ruby on Rails 4,2,1, jQuery, Bootstrap         

Databases:
         
   - SQLite (Test, Development)  
   - PostgreSQL (Production)        

Development Tools, Gems and Methodologies:
            
   - Faker for database seeding           
   - Figaro to manage sensitive information         
   - Devise for user authentication and confirmation       
   - SendGrid for email processing    
   - Pundit for authorization of user roles (standard, premium, admin)    
   - Stripe payment integration API and Stripe-ruby gem    
   - Redcarpet for Markdown formatting        

    

## Deployment    
You can view the app on Heroku: [stacia-blocipedia app](https://stacia-blocipedia.herokuapp.com)
